Legalization of cannabis, Lord Nagalfar.
Lord, nothing less!
Given the results in other countries that have already taken the plunge, what do you think of the legalization of cannabis in all its aspects?
Yes, you mean not only medicine but also ...
To smoke it, is that what you mean?
Lord Nagalfar ... Is that what you mean, get some courage!
And the question is ... Z, K, Y,...
I think it will be Mokritzky!
"A question many are asking" ... Not sure!
"Legalisation or not? And why ?" OK !
"Hello and thank you. Can the legalization of cannabis be good economically and socially for France?" In fact...
I'll start here! I plug in whether it is good economically or socially.
What is important is to see how we solve the health problem of smoking cannabis.
So you see I am not in favor of cannabis, but I favor legalizing cannabis...
because I am not in favor of cannabis.
That's the first thing.
Because if a product is prohibited, you can not campaign against!
That makes sense. You see all kind of horrific campaigns on tobacco
but you never have a single one saying : "Dude, if you abuse with cannabis,
uh blah blah blah, it will destroy you."
Because that's the problem about smoking it.
I'm not talking about the use of cannabis for other purposes, therapeutic, psychological, etc.
I want to be able to campaign against the use of cannabis, so we should first legalize it.
That's all, if you want to do prevention campaigns, then it needs to be legalized.
If you don't want it, if you're OK with the wonderful situation that we all know...
... for a single bar of hasch, people need to hide in all possible ways,
if you get stuck and you unfortunately have a piece of bar...
then it's the end of the world, you go directly to the cells!
If, in addition, we found you with a brush, trying to paste a poster...
or writing something nasty on the wall, well... you recieve twice!
Because you are deemed suspicious!
And now, more serious...
this trade is the basis of absolutely incredible traffic...
wich consume so much time of police action
so much time for judges - wich would be better used for better purposes...
That's why you gonna be satisfied  - if that is your goal and your concern -
and then disappoint you. Because I am absolutely against cannabis, I am in favor of legalizing it.
And not tell me it is hypocritical!
Because what is hypocritical
is to say "it is forbidden" while everybody knows that everybody smokes, eh?
From all sides, everywhere, and there is no mean to stop it.
Many people will say that I'm hypocritical because I want to fight it by legalizing it
but nobody will say what hypocrisy it is when you live on the second floor
and you see the traffic being just down your window, what are you doing, do you call the police?
No no no, and even sometimes you'll do your shopping!
So, enough with this hypocrisy, we have lost enough time, enough money
and done enough damage on people.
Now we have to get serious.
Well, I hope that this response will be talked about!
To be honest with you, it took me a lot of time to convince myself...
Because ... In my mind, at first, legalizing meant supporting.
But some friends advised me and conviced that it was unsane to think like that.
Now I know that the insanity is to maintain the statu quo!
I've read plenty of articles on the subjects and discovered viewpoints, not only from France
but also international studies and discovered experiences from other countries
and that's it, I was convinced! Of course I am ready to hear opposite views, but as we asked mine, I've gave it!